feat(profiling): add browser profiling docs (#7468)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/wizard/javascript/profiling-onboarding/javascript/3.configure.md

---
name: Browser (JS Self Profiling)
doc_link: https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/profiling/
support_level: beta
type: framework
---

#### Configure

Configuration should happen as early as possible in your application's lifecycle.

> Once this is done, Sentry's JavaScript SDK captures all unhandled exceptions and transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once this is done, Sentry's JavaScript SDK will capture all unhandled exceptions and transactions.
```

> #### Configure
> 
> Configuration should happen as early as possible in your application's lifecycle.
> 
> Once this is done, Sentry's JavaScript SDK will capture all unhandled exceptions and transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure

Configuration should happen as early as possible in your application's lifecycle. Once this is done, Sentry's JavaScript SDK will capture all unhandled exceptions and transactions.
```
